You know, we're actually pretty compatible physically.
That monster. He really fucked you up.
Don't call him a monster.
What's going on?
Nothing. The cat. It's naughty.
I'm home tomorrow. I've something important to announce.
Did you hear that? You've got to go home tomorrow.
Go with the Aiga. You're not my prisoner.
This is a family meeting the Aiga.
Would you mind leaving?
And we're leaving.
We must escape the mafia's control.
Your friend Mark said he'd help us.
Mark, why are you bringing Mark into this?
Isn't this too hasty?
This contract has insulted me for 15 years.
And now that monster is ruining my son's life,
take this any more.
You fucking make excuses for him.
You fucking suck.